in other news British prime minister
Rishi sunak has sacked his Home
Secretary suela braan this follows her
public criticism of the way police
handled a pro Palestinian march on
Saturday she had previously described
demonstrations in support of Palestine
as hate marches and mobs her departure
comes as part of a wider cabinet
reshuffle let's find out more with Sonia
Gago who's in London for so Sonia after
days of speculation about her future
swela braan is out why did the prime
Minister act
now well I I think Mr sunak really
couldn't ignore the signs anymore really
uh not just from within his own party
but also what was coming from the police
forces as well uh there had been uh much
concern uh especially from within the
police force that their operational
Independence was being compromised with
the rhetoric that was coming from the
Home Secretary uh herself
uh way the way she called police
officers as having some kind of bias now
while she's managed to row back on this
a little bit she she did give a note of
thanks to the police uh officers for
their the way that they dealt with the
marches over the weekend she still uh
remained quite uh vocal quite quite
full-throated about her opinion of them
uh calling them hate Marchers still uh
and it just seems that this uh
increasing divide between uh Suella
Bran's opinions and the opinion of those
even within her own party uh that she is
perhaps causing more division more
trouble as evidenced by the appearance
of far rights on Saturday's March and
this is more trouble than it is worth
for the prime minister so does this
Sonia indicate a change in where the
government is headed on this
issue well it may not indicate a change
as such this evening on Monday evening
the prime minister is actually going to
be outlining his vision of for of
foreign policy at a lord mayor's event
where he will be talking about exactly
where he sees the UK in this and in it
he's expected to underline and emphasize
re-emphasize the importance of
establishing a two-state solution in the
Middle East uh namely because of the
fact that he will refer to the UK law
Akers who were responsible for writing
that in in the un uh uh document uh but
they are likely to be sort of on not
likely to be any other surprises but it
will actually refocus on how the UK is
adamant in trying to make that two-state
solution that two the two states a
reality rather than just a discussion
with that as well and of course there is
also the ongoing uh cries and and of
course the ongoing uh discussions for
there to be uh the access to
humanitarian Aid that is also being
talked about more and more often just
like with France and the us as well so
the importance of of on human life being
placed on this as well as the definitive
securing of that two-state solution okay
Sonia thank you very much Sonia Geo Live
for us there in London